    This is the first time I've ever worked with an API so I don't know if everything will go exactly as it said in the
requirement. Nevertheless, I've managed to get it running and have not seen any major drawbacks or bugs within the
program, yet.
    I used Java because it is my first used programming language, I know that I might have more experience when it comes
to C++ due to Vanderbilt's CS course arrangement, but I reckon that C++ is somewhat difficult to implement the twitter
API and there doesn't seem to be much guidance on it on the Internet as well.
    The library that comes with this decision is twitter4j, which is something that I have heard of in the past year.
The implementation of the twitter API was not as difficult as I thought it would be. So it didn't take me the full 6
hours to finish it.
    I really wanted to implement some of the Bonuses in the guideline, but due to time limitation, ( assignments and HWs
just never stop coming... ) it really wouldn't be possible to get it done on time if I were to get some sleep after a
night's work. ( I'm in Asia now ) Thus, you can probably consider this as only the first basic version of this project.
    I added some small easter eggs just to make it really feel like a game, like when the user gets different percentage
of correct answers the program will give slightly different results when it comes to the final stat display. I haven't
figured out how exactly to make the text appear on a separate window instead of just a plain text editor or terminal.
I think I need a GUI to do that but, again, I'm kinda new to GUI as well so I just stopped thinking about this and
focused getting the required part done.
    Overall, the assignment is not as hard. The only difficult part is probably the utilization of the twitter API
because I've never used it. Other than that, a fun, normal-difficulty project to do. Thank you for your review and the
opportunity for me engage in this project.

By: Jiawei Zhu
2020.09.26 (7:30AM GMT+8)